FirstJoinPlus v2.1
http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/firstjoinplus/

v2.1
Added the 'reset-state' configuration option to toggle completely resetting the state of a player when using '/fjp debug' or the 'every-join-is-first-join' option.
Fixed only hearing the sound defined under the "play-sound" option if you are near the first-join location.

v2.0
Most code has been improved, optimized, and re-written!
Most configuration options have changed -- please delete your configuration before updating and allow a new one to generate.
Added the '/fjp debug' command to test all first-join actions, removed commands that are now covered by this one.
Added the '/fjp help' command to list commands.
Added ability to configure the notify permission node.
Added automatic updating and updated Metrics.
Fixed the 'could not save rules.txt' error being printed on every server start.
Fixed the firework on first-join being the same every time, will now launch a completely random firework.
Fixed the total amount of players variable not updating under certain circumstances.
Removed the option to delay certain modules, added option to delay everything.
Removed the ability to name items in the first-join kit.
Changed some of the variables to have more accurate names.
Updated variables -- here's what you can currently use: %player_name, %player_display_name, %total_players. If GeoIPTools is found, %player_country and %player_city can be used.
Improved the invincibility module, you can now set god mode or disable PVP for a set amount of time.
Fixed various other bugs and improved various other things.

v1.8.3
Added ability to delay giving items and written books (fixes certain plugin conflicts).
Fixed the %new-line variable not working properly.

v1.8.2
Added ability to give potion effects on first join. Find a list of possible effects here: http://jd.bukkit.org/rb/apidocs/org/bukkit/potion/PotionEffectType.html
Added ability to start a new line in all messages through the %new-line variable.
Fixed the invincibility on first join ability not working.

v1.8.1
Added (once again) join, quit, and kick messages with ability to completely hide them using the %none variable.
Added GeoIPTools support (again) using the %country and %city variables.
Added the ability to specify a delay for the MOTD (in ticks).
Added firework launching functionality on first join.
Fixed issues with certain effects being played in the wrong location.

v1.8
Completely re-wrote the configuration. When updating, your old one will be deleted and replaced with the new. You will need to re-configure the plugin.
Fixed issue with items not being given on first join.
Fixed update checking being horrible for the last time. Sorry! (It's ironic, I know.)
Removed ability to customize join/quit/kick messages. If anyone actually used this let me know and I can make a separate plugin that does this.
Removed support for GeoIPTools (it may return in the future if you bug me about it).
All other known bugs/issues have been fixed.

v1.7.1
Fixed the '/fjp items' command not giving the defined written books.
Fixed update checking completely failing.

v1.7
Added ability to give players written books on first join through text files. The first line of the file will be the name of the book, and the second is the author (color codes accepted), use '/np' on it's own line to start a new page. Place files in the FirstJoinPlus folder.
Added ability to name your first join items, just add another period with the name (color codes accepted). Example: 57.1.0.A diamond block!
Added ability to change the notify sound in the configuration.
Added 'debug' configuration option. When enabled, every join will be treated as a first join, even if it's not. Use this for testing.
Fixed the configuration option to give items on first join being called 'itemonfirstjoin' instead of 'itemsonfirstjoin'. You'll need to fix this manually unless you reset your configuration.
This version REQUIRES the latest CraftBukkit RB or higher (released 12/18/12): http://dl.bukkit.org/latest-rb/craftbukkit.jar

v1.6.2
Fixed the "updatecheck" configuration option not being respected.
Possible fix for join messages not being displayed.

v1.6.1
Added "invincibleonfirstjoin" configuration option to set the amount of seconds a player is invincible for on their first join.
Fixed GeoIPTools support not working (possibly).
Fixed variables not working for the commands and console-commands sections.

v1.6
Added firstjoinplus.notify permission. When a player joins for the first time, players with that permissions will hear a sound effect.
Added console-commands section to the configuration - run console commands when a player joins for the first time!
Added variables to the commands and console-commands section(s) so you can use %name%, %displayname%, %number%, and the other GeoIPTools variables.
Fixed setting "none" to leave/join/kick messages not working to disable them.
Fixed various other small things.
Built with the latest RB, guarantees Craftbukkit 1.4.2-R0.1 (and higher) compatibility.

v1.5
Major code refactoring and cleanup.
Added FirstJoinEvent for developers (though useless as the Bukkit API has the ability to check).
Added support for VanishNoPacket's silent joining option.
Added console support for commands not requiring a player.
Added permissions to all the commands (they'll still default to OP's though - find the permissions on the plugin's page).
Fixed first join spawning not being very exact (you'll now spawn in the middle of the block instead of on the edge).
Fixed various other things (commands are now a lot more usable, for example).
Built with the latest RB, guarantees compatibility (this is not dead!).

v1.4.2
Added ability to give a player a set amount of XP levels on first join (see configuration - set to 0 to disable).
Added basic basic plugin usage data collection using Metrics (you can opt-out in the configuration).
Fixed %displayname% using the player's real name.
Fixed some little things here and there.
Built with the latest RB, guarantees Craftbukkit 1.3.1-R1.0 compatibility.

v1.4.1
Changed %name% variable to be the player's real name, added %displayname% for their displayname.
Fixed setting the first join spawnpoint in a different world.
Fixed some NullPointer exceptions when joining/leaving.
Fixed various other things (such as first join spawning again).

v1.4
Added /firstjoinplus items command to test your items section in the configuration and give yourself those items as if you were new.
Added support for GeoIPTools (use the variables %city% and %country%).
Added ability to force the player to run commands on first join.
Fixed possible issues for people having problems with first join spawning and/or getting errors when players join.
Built with the latest RB, guarantees Craftbukkit 1.2.5-R4.0 compatibility.

v1.3
Added option to play a smoke effect on first join.
Fixed some possible issues with the configuraton reloading properly when using the /firstjoinplus reload command.
Fixed a possible with not being teleported to the first join spawnpoint on first join.
Fixed some issues with display names not being used on quit & kick messages.
Built with the latest RB, guarantees Craftbukkit 1.2.5-R3.0 compatibility.

v1.2.1
Added "/firstjoinplus motd" command to test viewing your first join MOTD.
Fixed players with display names showing as they joined for the first time.
Fixed giving players items on their first join.
Added simple update checking.

v1.2
If updating, please delete your config file and let a new one generate.
Added a /fjp alias (you can now use that instead of /firstjoinplus for all commands).
Added the ability to set a first join spawnpoint with /firstjoinplus setspawn. Teleport to it with /firstjoinplus spawn.
Added support to define multiple first join items (in the format of "itemid.amount.datavalue" - e.x. "57.32.0" would give you 32 diamond blocks).
Added ability to create a first join MOTD (display a custom message to players on their first join).
Added "onlyfirstjoin" config option to force the plugin to *only* deal with things related to first joining (this will disable things such as the custom join messages).
Added ability to use the %number% variable in the first join message.
Added "numberonfirstjoin" config option to make the number of unique players show only on first join and not on every join.
Added support to show the player's display name instead of their username in all messages.
Added support for other chat plugins to handle the join/leave/kick messages (if those options are disabled).
Fixed the /firstjoinplus reload command (it works now!).
Fixed the blank "ghost lines" from showing if join/leave/kick messages were disabled.
Code cleanup!

v1.1
Config has completely changed - if updating, please delete your current one and let the new one automatically generate when you restart.
Added variables and color codes to the config, use %name% and %number%.
Added ability to use standard color codes throughout all messages as much as you wish.
Added options to disable the first join messages, join messages, and kick messages.
Added option to display the unique amount of players in total that have joined.
Added ability to give players who join for the first time a configurable item (use the data value for the item). Amount is the amount of that item to give, and data is the data/damage value of it (used for colored wool etc., normally left at 0).

v1.0
Initial Release.